capital = 653

oob = POK_1936

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.3
set_war_support = 0.35
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
		tech_trucks = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	gwtank_chassis = 1
	basic_light_tank_chassis = 1  
	iw_small_airframe = 1
	basic_small_airframe = 1
	iw_medium_airframe = 1
	iw_large_airframe = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

set_power_balance = {

    id = POK_prepar_balance

    left_side = POK_pre_side

    right_side = POK_par_side

    set_value = -0.05

}

recruit_character = POK_PBN
recruit_character = POK_bukin
recruit_character = POK_sharanskiy
recruit_character = POK_romanova
recruit_character = POK_grudin
recruit_character = POK_nevzorov
recruit_character = POK_psihocossack
recruit_character = POK_kolya
recruit_character = POK_babchenko
recruit_character = POK_evdokimov
recruit_character = POK_shmonov
recruit_character = POK_zubov
recruit_character = POK_chubays
recruit_character = POK_gaydar
recruit_character = POK_Yavlinskiy
recruit_character = POK_lyadov
recruit_character = POK_miller
recruit_character = POK_pivovarov
recruit_character = POK_potanin
recruit_character = POK_sechin
recruit_character = POK_bikov
recruit_character = POK_g_popov
recruit_character = POK_kasyanov
recruit_character = POK_svanidze
recruit_character = POK_titov
recruit_character = POK_uchitel
recruit_character = POK_Tesak
recruit_character = POK_Slovolzhicen
recruit_character = POK_Zolotov
recruit_character = POK_Grachev
recruit_character = POK_Eltsin
recruit_character = POK_Hodorkovskiy
recruit_character = POK_Shulman
recruit_character = POK_Latynina
recruit_character = POK_Katz
recruit_character = POK_Panin
recruit_character = POK_Eydelman
recruit_character = POK_Denis_Lendliz
recruit_character = POK_Tatyana_Yumasheva
recruit_character = POK_Valentin_Yumashev
recruit_character = POK_Saprikina
recruit_character = POK_Serebryannikov
recruit_character = POK_Ahedjakova
recruit_character = POK_Hamatova
recruit_character = POK_Lebedev
recruit_character = POK_Krilov
recruit_character = POK_Ponomaryov
recruit_character = POK_Enteo
recruit_character = POK_Putin
recruit_character = POK_Taburetka
recruit_character = POK_Elias_Wise
recruit_character = POK_Marin_FF 
recruit_character = POK_Teresa 
recruit_character = POK_NOVOD

set_popularities = { 
    democratic = 40
	memoism = 15
	vmestolev = 1
	neutrality = 15
	anarhostalinism = 1
	metacommy = 1
	fascism = 27
}

set_politics = {

	ruling_party = democratic
	elections_allowed = no
	
}

set_convoys = 228

add_ideas = {
    POK_home_of_the_free
	POK_Metostazi_sovka
	POK_Gore_Pobeditelam
	POK_Politicheskaya_Nestabilnost
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Капитан Андерграунд"
	desc = "POLITICS_ANDGROUND_DESC"
	picture = "CapitanA.dds"
	expire = "1999.1.1"
	ideology = stalinismus
	traits = {
		 prince_of_terror
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Андрей Рудой"
	desc = "POLITICS_RUDOY_DESC"
	picture = "Rudoy.dds"
	expire = "1999.1.1"
	ideology = libertanian_chuchhe
	traits = {
     Ne_typoy
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Егор Просвирнин"
	desc = "POLITICS_PROSVERLEN_DESC"
	picture = "Pogrom.dds"
	expire = "1999.1.1"
	ideology = fascism_ideology
	traits = {
		Purer
	}
}